DRIVERS-1670: Add log messages to SDAM spec (#1419)
mongodb/specifications: source/server-discovery-and-monitoring/server-discovery-and-monitoring-monitoring.rst

Abstract
========

> The SDAM logging and monitoring specification defines a set of behaviour in the drivers for providing runtime information about server discovery and monitoring (SDAM) in log
> messages as well as in events which users can consume programmatically, either directly or by integrating with third-party APM libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDAM logging and monitoring specification defines a set of behaviors in the driver for providing runtime information about server discovery and monitoring (SDAM) in log messages, as well as in events that users can consume programmatically, either directly or by integrating with third-party APM libraries.
```

``Server``

  The term ``Server`` refers to the implementation in the driver's language of an abstraction of a mongod or mongos process, or a load balancer, as defined by the
  `SDAM specification <https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/server-discovery-and-monitoring/server-discovery-and-monitoring.rst#server>`_.

-------------
Specification
-------------

--------
Guidance
--------

Documentation
-------------

> The documentation provided in code below is merely for driver authors and SHOULD NOT be taken as required documentation for the driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation provided in the code below is merely for driver authors and SHOULD NOT be taken as required documentation for the driver.
```

       the user does not specify a port and the default (27017) is used, the driver SHOULD include it here. 

   * - driverConnectionId
     - Heartbeat-related log messages 
     - Int
     - The driver-generated ID for the monitoring connection as defined in the 
       `connection monitoring and pooling specification <../connection-monitoring-and-pooling/connection-monitoring-and-pooling.rst>`_. Unlike
       ``connectionId`` in the above events, this field MUST NOT contain the host/port; that information MUST be in the above fields,
       ``serverHost`` and ``serverPort``. This field is optional for drivers that do not implement CMAP if they do have an equivalent concept of
       a connection ID.

   * - serverConnectionId
     - Heartbeat-related log messages
     - Int
     - The server's ID for the monitoring connection, if known. This value will be unknown and can be omitted in certain cases, e.g. the first
       "heartbeat started" message for a monitoring connection. Only present on server versions 4.2+.

"Starting Topology Monitoring" Log Message
------------------------------------------

> This message MUST be published under the same circumstances as a ``TopologyOpeningEvent`` as detailed in `Events API <#events-api>_`.

Author: All these syntactic changes done.
